Add efs-csi (#287)
openshift/managed-cluster-config: README.md

2. install the `elasticsearch` operator
3. create `ClusterLogging` CR in `openshift-logging`

## EFS Enablement via CSI

[`efs-csi`](deploy/efs-csi) enables AWS EFS via the CSI driver. Customer

> opts in by opening a SNow ticket, whereupon SRE must add the appropriate

Reviewer: I think we format it as `SNOW` instead of `SNow`...

Author: I just expanded it to ServiceNow

2. install the `elasticsearch` operator
3. create `ClusterLogging` CR in `openshift-logging`

## EFS Enablement via CSI

[`efs-csi`](deploy/efs-csi) enables AWS EFS via the CSI driver. Customer
opts in by opening a ServiceNow ticket, whereupon SRE must add the appropriate
[label](deploy/efs-csi/sss-config.yaml) to the cluster. The
SelectorSyncSet:

> - Installs a DaemonSet into the `kube-system` namespace, running the CSI driver

Reviewer: s/kube-system/openshift-efs-csi/g

> - Installs a DaemonSet into the `kube-system` namespace, running the CSI driver

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Installs a DaemonSet into the `openshift-efs-csi` namespace, running the CSI driver
```

Author: Good catch, thanks @dustman9000
